Eh Huang Guiyang
These two poor ghosts want to participate in the auction
And I'm afraid they'll go in and make trouble.
So I'll teach you a lesson.
lad
My name is Huang Yaotian
Is the president of Jiangcun Association
It was also built by Wang Jian
I didn't expect to live here
Young Master Xu
How majestic are you?
They have access.
It means they have a selection point
Do I need you to teach?
President Wang, you are a rascal
It's worth it for your royal family
Don't you forget
Our Xu family is also a knowledge hum.
how
I, Huang Yaotian, still need you to teach me how to do things
Okay?
Dare to oppose our Xu family
I see your position as the president of the Chamber of Commerce
How long can I do it?
I just thanked President Huang for listening
I should thank you.
If it weren't for your reminder?
My son and granddaughter's girl is long gone by now
You have the power of a prophet
Can you help me see it?